My husband was
considering you for his portrait
but you took yourself
out of contention. Why?
I was only interested
in painting you.
I'm sure he'll be glad
to hear that.
Well, the thing is,
the president,
even a Black president,
is the institution.
I don't wanna just paint
the official.
I am interested in the real.
...across America starting at--
Washington can be
an awfully tough town,
on a political wife.
Would you agree?
Well, I agree.
But I had, you see,
26 years experience...
as the wife of a congressman.
But I think a congressional wife
has to be a special kind
of woman.
I don't think all women really
can adjust to this type
of life.
"The battle
for individual rights of women
is one of long standing,
and none of us
should countenance
anything which undermines it."
"People say,
no woman could stand
the physical strain
a man endures.
But that, I think is nonsense.
A woman is like a tea bag,
you never know how strong it is
until it's in hot water."
This land is your land
This land is my land
From California
Well, to the New York Island
From the Redwood Forest
To the Gulf Stream Waters
I tell you this land
Was made for you and me
Yeah
Mmm
One bright, sunny morning
Well, in the shadow
of a steeple
Down by the welfare office
I saw my people
I was wondering if this land
Was made for you and me
Sasha, stop it.
You can't have any more. No--
Listen,
this is how it's gonna go.
When we get to Washington,
Grandma's gonna meet us
at the hotel,
and then Daddy and I
are gonna go see
the Bushes at the White House.
Okay?
Look!
It's Dad.
-Uh-huh.
Let's go see Daddy.
-Mrs. Obama!
-Mrs. President!
-Thank you.
There they are.
Come on, come on.
Oh!
Look at you! You look so pretty.
-The fuck?
-Yeah, it's a lot. It's a lot.
All right. You ready?
We're gonna go on a little ride.
You good? Okay.
-Huh?
-Very cool.
I know.
For the first time
an African-American
has been elected president
of the United States.
A day many thought
would never come,
a night this country
will never forget.
Barack Obama, the 47-year-old
junior senator from Illinois
will be sworn in
on January 20th.
Obama! Obama! Obama! Yeah!
Barack! Mr. Obama!
-You doing all right?
-No.
Welcome, welcome, welcome.
Michelle,
great to see you.
Thank you for having us.
Constitution doesn't
give us much choice.
-Barack. How are the girls?
-Laura.
Okay, I think. We left them
with my mom at the Hay-Adams.
Well, come on in.
It's one hell of a tour.
Good folks.
People draw art.
Hey, how you doing?
-Sir.
-Good to meet you.
-Ma'am.
-Ma'am?
That's going to take some
getting used to.
Well, it's my honor, ma'am.
Wilson has been at
the White House since 1957.
-Incredible.
-Mm-hmm.
He knows everything
about everything.
Now,
anything in particular
you'd like to see first?
The bar.
-Start at the bar.
-Yeah.
I think that's a grand idea.
And this is the center hall.
-Beautiful.
-Mm-hmm.
Whew.
Oh, no.
I'm not gonna lie to you.
It'll never seem normal.
But you will find a way
to make it comfortable.
How you doin'?
You'll find your reading nook
or that special place where you
can be still and quiet.
Oh, please.
It was always a battle
but I tried to make sure
we started every day together,
in here.
I'm already worried
about someone
spilling juice
on the upholstery.
--You'll get over that. Sort of.
How you doing today?
Ooh, I love it.
Oh, that is my favorite.
Luckily, you get to choose
your own art.
Let me show you
my favorite spot.
Even with all
the Secret Service agents...
there's a comfort knowing
he's down there.
Does that sound silly?
No. Not at all.
It's not going to be easy
for you.
I don't imagine it's
an easy transition for anybody.
Oh, of course.
But the level of scrutiny
on you,
on your husband.
Everybody's gonna have
an opinion on your decorum.
On your clothes,
on how you raise your children.
On whether your graduate degree
is too feminist,
or if your causes aren't
feminist enough.
I learned a long time ago,
that there's some people
I'll never please.
All I can do is what I believe
is right.
You'll figure out what kind of
First Lady you wanna be.
Thank you, Laura.
You're gonna be terrific.
Hmm. I'm looking forward to it.
Thank you.
-Now can we see the bar?
This is
a CBS News Special Report.
The Vice President resigns.
The big question tonight,
who will succeed Spiro Agnew
as vice president?
President Nixon pledged
to be open-minded
in picking a nominee.
Some of the names
being mentioned as possibilitis
are republican house
and senate leaders,
Gerald Ford and Hugh Scott.
Former Secretary of State,
William Rogers.
She put de lime in de coconut
She drank 'em bot' up
She put de lime
in de coconut
She called de doctor,
woke him up
And said, "Doctor ain't
there nothin' I can take?"
I said, "Doctor, to relieve
This bellyache?"
Now, let me get
this straight
You put de lime in de coconut
You drank 'em bot' up
Put de lime in de coconut
You called your doctor,
woke him up
Said, "Doctor, ain't there
nothin' I can take?"
I said, "Doctor, to relieve
This bellyache?"
I said, "Doctor, ain't there
nothin' I can take?"
You put de lime in de coconut
You drink 'em bot' togedder
Put de lime in de coconut
You called your doctor,
woke him up, I said,
"Doctor, to relieve
this bellyache?"
Hi.
Doctor
Oh. Why aren't you at school?
Is everything okay?
Yeah, everything is fine.
They just let us out early.
There's, uh,
leftover mashed potatoes
and meat loaf in the oven
if you like.
...of leaking information.
Thomson said tonight
that he had reviewed
the evidence against
the Vice President,
and quote, "The man is a crook,
no question about that at all."
Thomson said
he was certain Agnew
would've been convicted
if brought to trial...
What did Agnew do again?
Let's see...
Bribery, extortion, tax fraud,
all very disappointing politics.
Well, thank goodness Dad
is retiring in a few years.
Amen to that.
The case against Agnew...
Would you mind switching it off?
in a detailed 40-page recitatin
of the evidence that--
Come on, baby,
let the good times roll
Come on, baby
Let me thrill your soul
Sunset Magazine.
You really are counting the days
aren't you, Mom?
This is where
we're going to build.
I just wanna be warm.
I approve. You've served your
time. Go West, young woman.
Maybe you can start dancing
for real again.
Oh. I think it's
a little late for that,
but I love you for saying so.
Ladies and gentlemen,
a new interpretive piece by
Martha Graham dancer Betty Ford.
-Unchained!
-Oh!
Palm Springs, sprung!
Maybe you'll make friends
with the Sinatras.
Oh, I think the Sinatras
have much more exciting people
to spend time with.
--That'll be Lisa looking for me.
-Are you here?
-Yes.
-Ford residence this is Bet--
Oh, that's the bedroom line.
Mom, answer it.
Hello?
Connecting you to the West Win.
Oh, my God,
the West Wing.
This way, ma'am.
Uh, Angela will take your coat.
Thank you.
Right. Just this way.
They've already started.
I've gathered you all
here today
so that I may proudly present
to you the man...
Go sit with Mrs. Nixon.
...whose name I will submit
to the congress
for the vice president
of the United States.
Congressmen Gerald Ford
of Michigan.
Thank you.
Thank you. Please. Please.
Mr. President,
I am deeply honored...
-This is for you.
-Thank you.
...and I am
extremely grateful...
and I am terribly humbled.
And I pledge to you
my colleagues and the Congress.
And I pledge
to the American people.
That to the best
of my ability, if confirmed
I'll be your honorable
and devoted vice president.
What are you doing up so early?
I can't believe I shared a seat
with the First Lady, honestly.
It was cute.
So much for sunshine.
-It's only two years.
-Hmm.
I'll get you your sunshine,
I promise.
-You promise?
-Mm-hmm.
One beer coming up.
All right, it's my turn.
Quit cheating.
-Umpire. I was just practicing.
-Quit cheating, quit cheating.
Play by the rules, Eleanor.
-Oh! My turn.
Really hard.
Oh, that was too hard!
-I've made it harder for myself.
-Now look at Franklin.
-Just look at him.
-Yes.
If I didn't know him better,
I would think he's a film star.
Oh, don't say that too loud. His
ego is large enough as it is.
Well, it's what will
get him elected governor
and who knows after that?
Oh. It's only been
a year since my defeat
in my bid
for the vice presidency.
-You don't think it's too soon?
-Not in the slightest.
-You're at your peak.
-Hmm.
-Did you hear that, Eleanor?
-Yes, I heard it,
and all I know is you need to
take a shower
and get dressed for dinner,
golden boy.
Franklin, you're fresh
on everyone's mind
and the two of you, together,
present a truly
irresistible team.
Yes, we do make a good team.
Hmm.
Thank you.
-Croquet?
-No, I'd rather be a spectator.
-Cheers.
Right, Eleanor, you're up!
My turn. I believe I'm winning.
-Well, you keep missing.
-Watch out, Louis. Ha-ha!
Help!
Franklin?
-Oh! What happened?
-My legs. They won't work.
I don't know what's going on.
Please!
I'll lift you up onto the bed.
Ow! No, no, no, no! Ow! Ow! Ow!
Oh, God. What's going on?
Call Dr. Keen.
-Oh. Ooh. Oh, you're burning up.
-Franklin.
-Ow!
Oh, Franklin.
It's all right. It's all right.
Oh. For God's sake, stop.
Oh, but Dr. Keen
said this would help, Franklin.
Well, it's not. It's making
it worse. Please, stop!
Let's stop. Stop.
I'll call Dr. Keen.
I want a second opinion.
This isn't all right, Louis.
It shouldn't be this painful.
-I'm sorry, Franklin.
-I'm sorry.
Louis?
Louis!
Eleanor. What is it?
-It's polio.
-What?
Eleanor. Franklin is resting.
Sara.
All of the specialists
confirmed that it's polio.
Well, that's not possible.
They say that it is.
-But he's not a child.
-That it can affect adults.
Well-- How? Well, what are you
looking at here? Um...
It was the standing water
in the cove.
The virus was
just sitting there, apparently.
He must've contracted it
when they swam that day.
What? No.
My son can't have polio.
No, no, I don't believe it.
I don't believe it. No.
Oh. Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Eleanor.
Eleanor...
No one can find out.
They must protect him.
Give him purpose.
If anyone can rise
above tragedy, it's Franklin.
Well, I'm sure glad you're here,
Louis.
Nell, dear...
I wanted to tell you. I'm sorry
your mother was taken so soon.
You and your brother,
you're going to be all right.
I promise you that.
You're a good girl, Eleanor.
Thanks, Uncle Teddy.
Daddy, can we go home now?
Grandma Mary will
take you and your baby brother
to her house for a while.
I need to go away for a rest.
But then we'll go with you.
It's not that kind
of a rest, now.
Your Uncle Teddy has a plan
to get me well again.
And as soon as I get better,
I will come see you.
No, but I can help you.
I know you can.
And I need your help.
I need you to go
with your grandmother
and take care
of your baby brother,
just the way your mother would.
Can you do that for me,
just till I come back
good as new?
Good evening.
Under heavy pressure to resign,
some of it coming from
strong supporters of the past.
President Nixon headed
for Washington without,
according to a spokesman,
talking to his two
Watergate lawyers,
whom he had summoned
to Florida.
Meantime,
the man Mr. Nixon chose
to be vice president,
Gerald Ford,
faced his own pressure before
the Senate Rules Committee.
Transparency and honesty
are at a premium right now.
Facing questions over his use
of a psychiatrist,
Congressman Ford failed
to deliver either.
Congressman Ford, do you deny
meeting with this psychiatrist?
Maybe I've met with him
once or twice, uh, socially.
Ran into him at the, uh--
The club or--
He is
in your appointments calendar
at least, uh, twice
that we can find.
His silence spoke volumes.
-   In other Watergate news...
-Oh, fuck a duck, Jerry.
Well, he's screwed now.
...first jail sentence against
Donald Segretti,
the man known as
"dirty-trick" Donald...
Sorry.
-Betty, congratulations.
-Thank you so much.
I'm so happy for you.
They're ready for you.
Today, the Congressional Club
has a very special opportunity
to honor one of our own.
On the eve of her being
officially named
our new Second Lady, Betty Ford.
Thank you, Jill.
--And thank you, ladies.
It's wonderful
to be up here after
over a decade
as a member of this group.
I know what
you're all thinking...
The way her husband's hearing
went today,
is she even going to be
Second Lady?
-Yes.
Well, let me tell you
about something.
Uh, nearly ten years ago,
I pinched a nerve in my neck.
During the course
of treatment...
my doctor, uh, advised me
that the source of my pain...
It was actually much deeper
than any injury.
And he thought
it might be
a good idea for me to see...
a psychiatrist.
And it was a good idea.
For the first time,
I was able to verbalize...
We love our husbands, right?
-Yes.
-Right? Okay.
But every night
he's at a fundraiser
or a speech
in some faraway city.
Then he comes home
right at the kids' bedtime,
disrupts the entire household,
then he heads into the bedroom,
and you go downstairs
to heat up some dinner,
and mix cocktails,
but when you come back up...
he's snoring.
And you're left holding
two cocktails.
But this is what we signed up
for ladies...
when we married politicians.
But that psychiatrist
reminded me...
that my life isn't only about
those days.
There is a Betty
without Jerry Ford.
And that Betty needs to
make sure
that she's healthy,
before she can do anything else.
It was my psychiatrist
Jerry met with twice.
My psychiatrist...
you heard discussed
in his confirmation hearings
this morning.
He met with my psychiatrist,
to support me.
And I love him for that.
And for letting me be the one
to explain that...
-Yes! Absolutely. Well done!
-...to the American people.
Well done!
Yes.
That's great, Franklin.
Wave to the crowd.
Whoo!
--Father, are you okay?
Oh. Oh. Better than okay.
He made it nine steps this time.
-I'll get there.
-Oh, of course, you will.
-Can't we just move the podium?
I can't control the proportions
of the room, James.
I wish I could.
We'll try it again.
Don't you think he needs a break
Mother? Jesus, he's bleeding.
And so I am. James, I am fine.
All I need is a glass of water
and we will do this again.
-I'll get it.
-That's the spirit.
--Right, let's take a break.
Louis. Louis, hold on.
Just give me a moment, boys.
-Please, just a moment.
-Yes, yes.
I hope you never have to see
your son in such pain.
Sara, you know
that he's wanted to run
for governor for a decade now.
Maybe longer.
And with these braces,
he's finally got his chance.
As I told you before
many years ago
when this nightmare began,
he should be retired and living
at Hyde Park
in a dignified manner.
Not falling and-- And bleeding,
and being humiliated
for an impossible idea.
Unprecedented. Not impossible.
Oh...
People admire resilience.
They are inspired by it.
It shows them that they too
can overcome
the most unspeakable setbacks.
And you know,
Governor was always
on the next step
of the ladder
to the White House.
The White House!
You're so cruel when you
encourage these pipe dreams.
Franklin had a-a bright future.
Impossibly bright.
There was nothing my son
couldn't have accomplished.
But that was before.
It is no longer, Eleanor.
I'm sorry, Sara,
but I respectfully disagree.
I think there is nothing
that Franklin can't do.
So, you'll keep at it then?
It's what he wants, Sara.
I think you better think up
a backup plan
for when he loses.
He's not going to lose.
So Mrs. R
with all her trimmin's
Can broadcast a bed
from Simmons
'Cause Franklin knows
Anything goes
Mrs. Alberta King
sat at the organ
in the Ebenezer Baptist Church
when a young man sprang
to his feet and yelled,
"I'm going to kill everyone
in here."
And shot Mrs. King three times.
Well, it's as if the King family
is being tested.
I've never seen a family suffer
so much tragedy in my life.
-Mr. Cheney.
-He's available?
Of course.
-Mr. Rumsfeld, sir.
-Yes?
Are you aware
the vice president's wife
has requested the jet
for Alberta King's funeral?
-Has she?
-Yeah.
Well, thank you, Dick.
Thank you, sir.
Mr. Rumsfeld.
Are you joining us today?
I had to warn you
when I heard, ma'am.
It is not appropriate for you
to represent the administration
at Mrs. King's funeral.
I wasn't aware
the administration
found compassion inappropriate.
Well, we both know
that's not accurate.
I guess that explains why
I'll be the only person there
representing the White House.
It was a tragic event.
No, the tragedy is that
this kind of thing happens
every day in this country
and no one bats an eye.
Have you given any thought
to what's coming?
We both know Nixon won't survive
this Watergate mess.
You'll be walking into ten times
the scrutiny
that you've ever faced.
Scrutiny of every skeleton.
Every closet.
Scrutiny of your first husband.
Susie.
It's Susan.
Jerry's already asked me
to be his chief of staff.
So that means I'll be everywhere
all of the time.
And, uh, if anyone...
And I mean anyone,
says things to the press
or the congressional club,
or to whomever
that might jeopardize
him staying in the White House,
I have to stop them.
My goodness, Don.
What happened to you?
I take my position
very seriously.
Let's get this plane in the air.
Senseless violence
took not only my wife...
but my son,
Martin Luther King Jr.
My heart is wounded.
My heart is bruised.
But it is not broken!
-Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord.
-No!
Amazing Grace
--   How sweet the sound
That saved a wretch
like me
I once
was lost
But now
am found
Was blind
but now
I see
Through many
dangers...
With the South Side
Healthcare Collaborative
any patient who shows up
in our emergency room
who can't afford
a primary care doctor
will instantly
be connected to one.
Mmm.
I'm talking about people who
live outside these walls.
Who sweep our floors, drive our
city's buses, collect our trash.
These are our neighbors.
And if we believe
that health care
is not just for
the privileged few,
then it's time
we served them too.
All right, thank you.
-Thanks, everyone.
-Mm-hmm.
I think making
you VP of Community Affairs
might be the best decision
I ever made.
Oh, I'm sorry. Your decision?
Okay, fine. That was all Susan.
-But, what I'm trying to say is,
I hired an amazing person
who hired an amazing person.
So, I think I deserve
a little credit.
Thanks, Michelle.
I gotta say, you are on a hell
of a roll here, Michelle.
-Mm-hmm.
-And...
the noticeable increase in R & B
soul music playing in the ER
is my favorite part.
We gotta sound like we're on
the South Side too.
-Mmm.
And word on the street is,
your life away from work might
start getting a little busy.
You mean Barack's campaign?
That's his thing, not mine.
His thing is running for
president of the United States.
Which, I imagine, could
eventually mean everybody
in his life kind of thing.
Yeah, but we still don't know
how far the campaign will go.
And Barack knows
I've got my own thing going on--
Yeah, and I love that
about you guys.
I'm just saying
it's a possibility.
I have Sasha on the phone,
calling mummy
for the first time.
Oh! We'll pick up on this later.
Hi, bug. How you doing?
Who?
What do you mean,
there are secret people
all over the house?
--Renaissance has landed.
Ma'am.
Hey, brother.
Who the hell are you?
Agent Allen Taylor, ma'am.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Your protective detail
starts today.
Shit!
Protection unit on scene.
-...   received.
-Hey, honey. You're home early.
Protective detail?
-You're not even a nominee yet.
-I know, right. It's--
Where are the girls?
-You're okay?
-Good morning!
Hmm? Mm-hmm.
-Mommy's here.
-We're fine.
Hi.
That's why
the secret people are here.
To protect us.
Well, that's what Dad said.
-One of them gave me candy.
-Spit it out.
-But, Mom.
-No candy from strangers,
you know that.
Give it to me.
Mm-mmm.
I told you.
Come here.
-Be good.
-Mm-hmm.
Boom. Your man kicked the
Secret Service out of the house.
I said, "Look, fellas..."
"...I don't care how many guns
you got.
My wife doesn't like it.
Get to steppin'."
Now, strictly speaking,
they can't leave the property,
but--
-Come on.
-It's not funny, Barack.
There are men with guns
outside our home.
Did they say why now?
Well, look, there-there--
There have been some threats.
-Some letters, message boards.
-There are death threats?
Well, hey, look, baby,
we always knew there--
There would be some crazies.
Yeah. When did you plan
on telling me?
Uh. Well, uh, I-I was gonna,
but I-I didn't want you
to freak out.
Well, you certainly failed
at that.
Well, look--
I mean, Mich, th-this kind
of thing happens at this level.
Really?
John Edwards
have Secret Service?
What about John McCain?
Mitt Romney?
-Probably not.
-Yeah. You know why?
-You're a coon.
You're a nigga,
running for president
of the United States.
So, yeah, there's a little
difference between you and those
-other candidates, Barack.
-Just--
Um, I could be president
of the United States.
Can you find it in yourself
to be a little excited for me?
Excuse me if I can't share
in the excitement
of my husband potentially
being shot.
It is interesting to me
that you're more willing
to believe in me being--
It be me being shot,
than me being president.
Oh, no. I think it's interesting
that you're willing to put your
family in harm's way because of
-your insatiable ambition.
-Don't do it. Don't do that.
Don't do that.
-You know what?
Remember Jackie Kennedy?
Her blood-splattered,
pink Chanel suit?
Her kids had to see that.
Someone had to explain that
to them, Barack.
-Jackie Kennedy?
-Yeah.
Martin, Malcolm, all of the
above, this is not about that.
This is about the fact that
you don't want me in politics.
You have never wanted me
in politics.
So, just own up to that,
hold that, all right?
Because we've been through the
security details meticulously
at your request, right?
You came in here
with open eyes, so...
Mich?
Make sure the girls brush
their teeth later.
Just needed some
daddy-chair time.
He used to love that old thing.
Still smells of him.
Yeah.
-Mama.
Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
-Are you okay, baby?
-What's got into you?
-I got into Princeton!
-Oh, honey! That's wonderful!
-That's amazing.
-They would've been fools
not to accept you.
I'm gonna scare all the boys
away from you.
-Oh, you would do that!
Oh, what is it, Mommy?
Oh.
They're not offering
any financial aid?
I'm sorry.
I got so excited when I saw,
"Congratulations,
you're admitted."
-I stopped reading right there.
-Don't be sorry.
This is a big deal.
You should be happy.
But how are we gonna pay for it?
You did the work to get in.
You leave this part up to us.
We got room to take on
another loan.
-You guys--
-Uh-uh-uh. Listen to me.
You belong there.
Just do your thing.
-Thank you.
-Mmm.
So, what's going on?
It's nothing.
Does "nothing" mean you married
a tornado
that turned everything you ever
planned for in your life,
upside down?
I'm just terrified my girls
are gonna see
their daddy's picture hanging
on someone's wall, like a--
Another dead Black hero.
Baby...
it seems you got two choices.
Both of them ending with that
man doing what he's gonna do.
Well, what-- What should I do?
You know what your daddy
used to say about you.
Mich? Shit.
You can't tell
that girl nothin'!
Mmm.
Yeah.
Still, with the
election 18 months away,
it is notable that Obama is
the earliest candidate
to ever receive
-   a government security detail.
Hey.
Mmm.
You're still at it?
Ninety percent of running
for president
-is reading memos
and the other ten is wondering
why the fuck you ran
in the first place.
So, how are we?
I--
I-I met this little, old lady,
she grabbed a hold of me, says,
"Mr. Obama,
I sure hope you become president
because I'm sick and tired
of lying to my grandchildren
that they can be anything".
Yeah...
-All right?
-Yeah.
I get that.
It's so much bigger than us
at this point,
and I'm scared.
I need you.
Okay.
I got you.
You always got me.
-Yes, I did.
-It's a bad habit.
-Thank God I got you.
Lucky old me. Come on.
I-I know--
I know what this position means.
Come in.
Mrs. R,
we were supposed to leave
for your tour 20 minutes ago.
The First Lady is waiting.
I don't need a tour. Uncle Teddy
lived there for eight years.
I know,
but it's part of the--
Charade?
Protocol.
Why can't it wait till
after the inauguration?
There's plenty of time
to reschedule.
My appointment is a four-year--
Sentence?
Term.
From your former students,
wishing you luck.
Oh.
You haven't touched
your breakfast.
I had coffee.
Mrs. R,
you have an impossibly long day
and your lunch isn't until 30,
you have to eat something.
Coffee is just fine.
It's more than most Americans
will have all day.
All right, well, we don't have
time to argue about it.
Okay, let's get going.
So, immediately following
your tour,
we're meeting with Edith Helm
about the State dinner.
Oh, is she staying on
as social secretary?
Mmm, better her than me.
Then, we have decorators
to meet with at noon.
From shaping young minds
to decorating.
And I need to shift your meeting
with Hick
-for the APP's.
-Oh, no.
We'll give it an hour, probably
sometime after 00 and--
Oh, we'll need
much more than an hour.
It's just a few quotes
about the inauguration.
Oh, that's if you want it
to be a pop piece.
Senator.
Senator, I understand all of it.
All I am saying
is that the democratic party
has to be a united front
from day one.
Yes, thank you.
Eleanor, aren't you supposed to
be with the retiring First Lady?
We're on our way.
Will you make sure
that he reads this?
Uh, yes. Of course. What is it?
It's my suggestions
for cabinet appointments.
-Okay. Both.
-Female ones.
-Where are we with the speech?
-Well, not as far as we would be
were there not 40 other things
to do.
What's more important
than the speech, Louis?
-It's tomorrow.
-I know. We'll get to it.
Well, let me see a draft of it.
I can cancel the First Lady.
You can't cancel
the First Lady.
-I can cancel the First Lady.
-I told her she couldn't.
It's important that he lead
with the cold, hard truth.
Add some hope to it,
but he needs to state the facts,
plain and simple.
There are 30 million Americans
out of work
and they don't want
to be pandered to.
Couldn't agree more.
Left to his own devices,
Franklin always errs on the side
of optimism but we need to
-strike the balance--
-Mrs. R.
Earl and the car have been
outside for over an hour.
-Oh, goodness.
-That's entirely unnecessary.
I'm going to walk.
-You're not walking.
-You can't walk.
I most certainly am.
-Mm-mmm.
-Mrs. R, Lou Hoover is waiting,
we really need to go.
Yes, let's not keep her waiting.
Louis, when can we talk
about the speech?
We will get to it
this afternoon.
Well, I'm all booked up
Yes, I'm aware.
Oh, I see.
I'm good enough to get him here,
but not good enough
to keep going.
You have your own schedule
to worry about.
-Your own duties.
-Oh, good.
So, he's finally decided on my
job in the administration.
Y-Yes, uh, First Lady.
That's not a job, Louis.
That's my circumstance.
Shall we, Tommy?
I need some fresh air.
Is that terribly uncomfortable?
I don't know.
It's all pretty uncomfortable.
-Can I help you in any way?
-Hmm?
Let me finish making breakfast
for you.
Okay...
What is it?
The Supreme court is ordering
the president
to release all the tapes.
He'll have no choice
but to resign.
Well, that is news.
Impeachment would only add
to the pain
the country is already in,
resignation will be swift
and definite.
Betty...
you must understand,
the country needs me.
-These last few months--
-Oh, would you fucking spare me!
Just for once.
Thirteen campaigns...
First the people
of Grand Rapids need you,
then the country needs you
to take the vice presidency
and now you're desperately
needed as President.
Can't you just be man enough
to admit
that you've always wanted this?
I am a man of ambitions,
Elizabeth. Yes.
I want to succeed.
I want to provide.
But if you think I want
what's being handed to me
from this administration,
and I realize my ambitions have
made life hard for you.
But you knew what you were
getting into.
-No!
I did not know
what I was getting into.
But here I am.
And I will be here for you.
But I am going to be myself.
I am going to do and say things
that I believe in.
I think I've earned that right.
I'm going to take a shower.
You can finish up here.
Betty...
Thank you.
Are Pat and Julie okay?
I don't--
I--
I'm sure it's difficult.
Yes, it is.